plugins/module_utils/__init__.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/__init__.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vca.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vca.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vmware.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vmware.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vmware_rest_client.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vmware_rest_client.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vmware_spbm.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/vmware_spbm.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vca_fw.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_fw.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_fw.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_fw.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_fw.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_fw.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_nat.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_nat.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_nat.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_nat.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_nat.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_nat.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_vapp.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_vapp.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_vapp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch # deprecated
plugins/modules/vca_vapp.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter # deprecated
plugins/modules/vcenter_domain_user_group_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_domain_user_group_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_extension.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_extension.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_extension_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_extension_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_folder.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_license.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vcenter_license.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_about_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_about_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_category.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_category.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_category_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_category_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cfg_backup.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cfg_backup.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_drs.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_drs.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_ha.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_ha.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_vsan.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_cluster_vsan.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_deploy_ovf_template.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_deploy_ovf_template.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_deploy_template.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_deploy_template.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_library_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_library_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_library_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_content_library_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datacenter.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datacenter.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datacenter_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datacenter_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_cluster.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_cluster.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_cluster_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_cluster_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_maintenancemode.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_datastore_maintenancemode.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_deploy_ovf.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_deploy_ovf.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_deploy_ovf.py use-argspec-type-path!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dns_config.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dns_config.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_group.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_group.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_group_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_group_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_group_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_group_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_rule_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_drs_rule_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_host.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_host.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_portgroup.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_portgroup.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_portgroup_find.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_portgroup_find.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_portgroup_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvs_portgroup_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_lacp.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_lacp.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_nioc.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_nioc.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_pvlans.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_pvlans.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_uplink_pg.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_dvswitch_uplink_pg.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_evc_mode.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_evc_mode.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_export_ovf.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_export_ovf.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_first_class_disk.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_first_class_disk.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_folder_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_folder_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_boot_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_boot_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_boot_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_boot_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_controller.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_controller.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_cross_vc_clone.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_cross_vc_clone.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_custom_attribute_defs.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_custom_attribute_defs.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_custom_attributes.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_custom_attributes.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_customization_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_customization_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_disk.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_disk.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_disk_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_disk_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_file_operation.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_file_operation.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_find.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_find.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_instant_clone.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_instant_clone.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_move.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_move.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_network.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_network.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_powerstate.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_powerstate.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_register_operation.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_register_operation.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_screenshot.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_screenshot.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_sendkey.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_sendkey.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_serial_port.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_serial_port.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_snapshot.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_snapshot.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_snapshot_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_snapshot_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_storage_policy.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_storage_policy.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tools_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tools_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tools_upgrade.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tools_upgrade.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tools_wait.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tools_wait.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tpm.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_tpm.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_video.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_video.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_vnc.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_guest_vnc.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_acceptance.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_acceptance.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_acceptance.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/vmware_host_active_directory.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_active_directory.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_auto_start.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_auto_start.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_capability_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_capability_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_config_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_config_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_config_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_config_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_custom_attributes.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_custom_attributes.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_datastore.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_datastore.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_disk_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_disk_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_dns.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_dns.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_dns_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_dns_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_facts.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_facts.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_feature_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_feature_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_firewall_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_firewall_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_firewall_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_firewall_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_hyperthreading.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_hyperthreading.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ipv6.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ipv6.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_iscsi.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_iscsi.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_iscsi_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_iscsi_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_kernel_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_kernel_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_lockdown.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_lockdown.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_logbundle.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_logbundle.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_logbundle_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_logbundle_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ntp.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ntp.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ntp_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ntp_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_package_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_package_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_passthrough.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_passthrough.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_powermgmt_policy.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_powermgmt_policy.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_powerstate.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_powerstate.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_scanhba.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_scanhba.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_scsidisk_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_scsidisk_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_service_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_service_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_service_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_service_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_snmp.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_snmp.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_sriov.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_sriov.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ssl_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_ssl_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_tcpip_stacks.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_tcpip_stacks.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_vmhba_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_vmhba_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_vmnic_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_host_vmnic_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_role_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_role_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_role_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_role_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_user_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_user_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_user_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_local_user_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_maintenancemode.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_maintenancemode.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_migrate_vmk.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_migrate_vmk.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_custom_attributes_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_custom_attributes_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_rename.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_rename.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_role_permission.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_role_permission.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_role_permission_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_object_role_permission_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_portgroup.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_portgroup.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_portgroup_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_portgroup_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_recommended_datastore.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_recommended_datastore.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_resource_pool.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_resource_pool.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_resource_pool_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_resource_pool_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_tag.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_tag.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_tag_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_tag_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_tag_manager.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_tag_manager.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_target_canonical_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_target_canonical_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vc_infraprofile_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vc_infraprofile_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vcenter_settings.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vcenter_settings.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vcenter_settings_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vcenter_settings_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vcenter_statistics.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vcenter_statistics.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_config_option.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_config_option.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_host_drs_rule.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_host_drs_rule.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_shell.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_shell.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_storage_policy.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_storage_policy.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_storage_policy_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_storage_policy_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_vm_drs_rule.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_vm_drs_rule.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_vss_dvs_migrate.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vm_vss_dvs_migrate.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vmkernel.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vmkernel.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vmkernel_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vmkernel_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vmotion.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vmotion.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vsan_cluster.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vsan_cluster.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vsan_health_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vsan_health_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vspan_session.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vspan_session.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vswitch.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vswitch.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vswitch_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vmware_vswitch_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vsphere_copy.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vsphere_copy.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vsphere_file.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/vsphere_file.py import-2.6!skip
